# NAAS

## Problem Statement:
The local newspaper and magazine delivery agency has asked us to develop a software for him to automate various clerical activities associated with his business.

## Features:
- This software is to be used by the manager of the news agency and his delivery persons. Manager can add delivery person.
- For each delivery person, the system must print each day the publications to be delivered to each address.
- Bills are printed by the system to be delivered to the customer which is generated by the manager.
- The customers may ask for stopping the deliveries to them for certain periods when they go out of station.
- Customers may request to subscribe new newspapers/ magazines, modify their subscription list, or stop their subscription altogether.
- If any customer has any outstanding due for more than one month, a polite reminder message is printed for him and his membership is discontinued if his dues remain outstanding for periods of more than two months
- The software should compute and print out the amount payable to each delivery boy. Each delivery boy gets 2.5% of the value of the publications delivered by him.

## Tech Stack:
- Python Programming Language
- Django Framework
- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript
- Bootstrap
- Docker

## Steps to deploy:
- Make sure you have **docker** and **docker-compose** installed.
- Unzip the zip.
- Open the folder.
- Run the docker-compose file:
    ```
    docker compose up
    ```
- A local instance of the web-app will be started on: http://127.0.0.1:8500/